1.a. Student to Contact Information is an example of a one-to-one relationship.  Only one student can have a certain contact information, and many students cannot share the same contact information.
1.b. School to Student is an example of a one-to-many relationship.  Each School can have multiple students connected to it, but each student can only attend one school.
1.c. Student to Major is a many-to-many relationship.  Each student can declare any amount of majors and multiple students can declare the same major.

2. An attribute will be more useful if the only thing that is required is to retrieve the whole list of offices as one unit.  If you want to break apart/operate on the list of offices in potential queries in the future, then creating an entity set will always be the better option.  This is because when the list is all stored into one attribute, the program will have to parse the list in order to do any sort of operation, which will create a performance issue.

3. An example of a weak entity set could be a entity called game that relies on the strong entity set sport with primary key sport_id.  The Game entity could use the attributes team1_id, team2_id, time, and the foreign key sport_id as discriminators. You would not want to merge the attributes of the two sets because then you would need to repeat sport_id for every single game and it would create a lot of redundancy especially if the sport set has any attributes besides the primary key.

4. Example: (A: Student) (B: Course) (C: Instructor).  With a ternary relationship, all three can be related to each other when all three are placed together for a class.  With design 2, however, the Student is put in a course and the instructor teaches the same course, but it still cannot be determined if the Instructor and Student are in the same class.  This issue can be fixed by adding a relation between A and C because now all three would be connected to each other in a way similar to the ternary relationship.  For the previous example, the student and instruct would be attending the same course possibly apart and now from the new relation R3 would be in the same course together.